[docs] Upgrade note with Jest version requirements and workaround for older versions of Jest (#5619)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: doc/upgrade-to-2.x.md

This section describes the remaining breaking changes, not otherwise mentioned in a section above.

> - use the `Attributes` type instead of the deprecated `SpanAttributes` and `MetricAttributes` types from the API package.

Reviewer: this is an unrelated change
```suggestion
- Usage of the deprecated `SpanAttributes` and `MetricAttributes` types from the API package has been changed to use the `Attributes` type.
```
